scent - She loves the scent of sunflower.
stale - The bread is stale; don't eat it.
latent - The latent talent of child is enormous.
assertion - The ancient scientist had the assertion that the world was flat.
obedient - The dog is obedient, and does whatever the boy wants.
tragic - There was a news report about the tragic accident on the highway.
crisp - He likes eating potato chips because they are very crisp.
rupture - The rupture of their relationship broke her heart.
clause - The tenant will sign the tenancy agreement after checking every clause.
arise - He arise at 7.am every morning.
tense - I feel really tense about the coming exam.
stoop - It is amazing that they could stoop so low.
clench - She angrily clenched her fists.
lame - I'm lame since my accident; I need the help of walking sticks to walk.
rotary - The blades of a helicopter move in a rotary motion as it is flying.
litter - We should clean up litter to keep the outdoors clean.
enduring - The most important feature of stainless steel is that it is enduring.
assignment - My teacher gave me a lot of homework assignments for the weekend.
humiliate - The poor boy was badly humiliated at school.
irrigate - The glass is irrigated by the automatic watering system.
pond - The duck dived into the pond.
centigrade - Flowers would be nicely treated at 25 degrees centigrade.
dispute - They had a dispute over who should be his dance partner.
conceive - The pregnancy test proved that she had conceive a baby.
apparatus - The apparatus here can be used to make a great cup of coffee.
banquet - The banquet had many different kinds of food.
brisk - They were young and fit, and kept on a brisk pace on their training runs.
formidable - In ping-pong competition tournament, he was a formidable opponent.
rehearse - We are rehearsing the final scene of the drama show.
evaporation - The high temperature result in the evaporation of the water.
condense - All the bad news was condensed into a few words at the telegram office.
paradox - I don't understand why she is doing exercise while eating junk food-it's a paradox.
malfunction - My computer seems to have a malfunction and won't switch on.
reduction - Due to downturn in business, he had to consider a reduction in staff numbers.

