derivation - Fabruary is a derivation from the latin word 'febris' which means fever.
setback - He has suffered a serious setback in his career.
disposal - The cleaner handles trash disposel for us.
thriller [ˈθrɪlər]- The thriller is so intense! It has me on the edge of my seat.
condenser - The still's condenser turns the alcohol vapor into liquid.
impart - The teacher's duty is to impart knowledge to students.
defective - The young woman received a parcel with defective goods.
glorious - The sunrise in the countryside is quite glorious.
institute - A lot of scientists are working in this Institute of Medical Biology.
disgrace - The athlete disgraced himself by doping during the games.
assassinate - assassinate the King when he met him.
scout [skaʊt]- The soldier scouts the enermy in the grass.
plunge - The sportswoman plunged into the water, splash!
pillar - These pillars hold the roof up.
mountainous - The beautiful house is situated in a remote mountainous region.
abundant - The fish in this pond are abundant.
endangered - This is an endangered species with less than 70 alive today.
earthenware - There were a lot of ancient earthenware in the museum.
spouse - The old lady puts her arms around her spouse's shoulders.
bearing - The colored arrow of compass points to the bearing of north-east.
compound - The science teacher is teaching about chemical compounds.
cordless - A cordless mouse is convenient for using your computer.
sensation - The hot sun is causing a burning sensation on her shoulders.
summon - The witch used her dark magic to summon an evil spirit.
magistrate - "Case closed!" shouted the magistrate as she slammed down the gavel.
susceptible [səˈseptəbl] - Young children are susceptible to disease.
puppet - The little girl had fun playing with puppet prince and puppet princess.
compensate - He should be compensated for his work-related injury.
discreet - The girl in the dormitory tries to be dicreet when answering her phone.
shuttle - People can use the shuttle bus from the subway station to the panda base.


