censor - Before releasing all films should be censored.
complexion - They have different complexions but they formed a profound friendship.
board - There is a bord hanging on the outside of the door.
lag - The boss lagged behid his secretary while chasing aircraft.
superstition - People who belive in superstition are likely to visit a fortune taller.
conceited  [kənˈsiːtɪd]- In fact, the man was just conceited and coundn't fix the car.
provident - She was provident and always managed to save a quarter of her income.
deport - The tiger is being deproted to his homeland because he broke the law.
turbulent - The man is struggling in the terbulent river.
ascription - He blamed the ascription of neck pain to his mobile phone addiction.
warehouse - The warehouse is full of boxes.
gruel - This gruel looks very delicious.
holy - For the people of the tribe, the totem is a holy symbol.
diction - He will choose the appropriate diction depending on whether he is speaking or writing.
shrink - My sweater shrank in the wash.
lower - I need to lower the volume of radio or it will wake up the baby.
episode - Episode 1 of this TV series is being shown now.
aerospace - I work in the aerospace industry - I've loved space exploration sice I was young.
anticipation - She is full of anticipation - her baby is almost due.
fabrication - The car is undergoing the fabrication process.
recruit - Student clubs recruit new members every year.
grieve - She's been grieving ever sice her husband died.
approximate - The approximate value of this car is 3,000 dollars.
crystal - She is holding a purple crystal in her hand.
spice [spaɪs]- I added some spice to the recipe to make it test better.
crafty - A crafty look appeared on his face.
vigorous - Exercise can make us more vigorous.
exotic - Many people want to visit Hawaii and experience the exotic lifestyle.
xerox  [ˈzɪərɒks]- The secrectory is xeroxing a file for me.
disguise - Miss Bear disguised herself as a panda by wearing black stockings.
eligible - Children under 1.2m tall are eligible for free tickets.
repressive - The birds live in a repressive world where the Crow King prevents them from singing.
paralyse - He is paralysed from the neck down, so he must get around in a wheelchair.
tremulous - Why so tremulous? There's nothing to be afraid of.
renaissance [rɪˈneɪsns]- Many masterpiece were created during the Renaissance.
saucer - Please place your cup on a saucer to keep the cup clean.

