"Harry Potter is humble and modest," said Dobby reverently, his orb-like eyes aglow.
"Harry Potter speaks not of his triumph over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named"
"Voldemort?" said Harry.
Dobby clapped his hands over his bat ears and moaned,
"Ah, speak not the name, sir! Speak not the name!"
"Sorry," said Harry quickly.
"I know lots of people don't like it. My friend Ron"
He stopped again, thinking about Ron was painful, too.
Dobby leaned toward Harry, his eyes wide as headlights.
"Dobby heard tell," he said hoarsely,"
"that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time, just weeks ago...that Harry Potter escaped again."
Harry nodded and Dobby's eye suddenly shone with tears.
"Ah, sir," he gasped, dabbing his face with a corner of the grubby pillowcase he was wearing.
"Harry Potter is valiant and bold. He has braved so much dangers already! But Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later... Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts."
This was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon's voice.
"W-what?" Harry stammered.
"But I've got to go back - term starts on September first. It's all that's keeping me going. You don't know what's like here. I belong in your world - at Hogwarts."
"No, no, no," squeaked Dobby, shaking his head so hard his ears flapped.
"Harry Potter must stay where he is safe. He is too great, too good, to lose. If Harry potter go back to Hogwarts, he will be in mortal danger."
"Why?" said Harry in surprise.
"There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year," whispered Dobby, suddenly trembling all over.
"Dobby has know it for months, sir."
"Harry must not put himself in peirl. He is too important, sir!"
"What terrible things?" said Harry at once. "Who's plotting them?"
Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head frantically against the wall.
"All right!" cried Harry, grabbing the elf's arm to stop him.
"You cant tell me. I understand. But Why are you warning me?"
A sudden, unpleasant thought struck him.
"Hang on - this hasn't got anything to do with Vol - sorry - with You-Know-Who, has it?"
You could just shake or nod," he added hastily as Dobby's head tilted worryingly close to the wall again.
Slowly, Dobby shook his head.
"Not - not He-Who-Must-Not-Named, sir-"
But Dobby's eye were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry a hint.
Harry however, was completely lost.
"He hasn't got a brother, has he?"
Dobby shook his hea, his eyes wider than ever.
"Well then, I can't think who else would have a chance of making terrible things happen at Horwarts,' said Harry.
"I mean, there's Dumbledore, for one thing - you know who Dumbledore is, don't you?"
Dobby bowed his head.
"Albus Dumbledore is the greatest headmaster Hogwarts has ever had."
"Dobby knows it, sir. Dobby has heard Dumbledore's powers rival those of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named at the height of his strenth. But, sir" - Dobby's voice dropped to an urgent whisper - "There is powers Dumbledore doesn't...powers no decent wizard..."
And before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed, seized Harry's desk lamp, and started beating himself around the head with earsplitting yelps.
